var mongoose = require('mongoose');

var quoteSchema = new mongoose.Schema({

  quote: { type: String, required: true },
  author: { type: String, required: true },
});

var Quote = mongoose.model('Quote', quoteSchema);

// Make this available to our other files
module.exports = Quote;


Quote.findOne({ 'author': 'Aristotle' }, 'body', function (err, person) {
  if (err) return handleError(err);
  console.log(quote.body);
})




Quote.find(function (err, quote) {
  if (err) return handleError(err);
  res.render('index', { title: 'Tweet Smart' });
  console.log(quote);

})





Change in all things is sweet. Aristotle

Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. Plato

I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. Martin Luther King, Jr.

A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard words bruise the heart of a child. Longfellow

It’s wonderful to climb the liquid mountains of the sky. Behind me & before me is God & I have no fears. Helen Keller

Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. John F. Kennedy

A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval. Mark Twain

Courage is knowing what not to fear. Plato

All mankind is divided into three classes:those that are immovable,those that are movable,&those that move. Ben Franklin

A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers. Plato

Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart. Anne Frank

I look to a day when people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
M.L. King, Jr.

All the world is full of suffering. It is also full of overcoming. Helen Keller

A person who won’t read has no advantage over one who can’t read. Mark Twain

I want to be all used up when I die. George Bernard Shaw

Once you say you’re going to settle for second, that’s what happens to you in life. John F. Kennedy

All the gold which is under or upon the earth is not enough to give in exchange for virtue. Plato

Life is either a great adventure or nothing. Helen Keller

Give what you have to somebody, it may be better than you think. Longfellow

Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase. M.L. King, Jr.

Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often. Mark Twain

Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. Tolstoy

Any man may easily do harm, but not every man can do good to another. Plato

My share of the work may be limited, but the fact that it is work makes it precious. Helen Keller

If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Longfellow

Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light. George Washington

For a man to conquer himself is the first and noblest of all victories. Plato

The basic problems facing the world today are not susceptible to a military solution. JFK

An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day. Henry David Thoreau

Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand. Mark Twain

As the builders say, the larger stones do not lie well without the lesser. Plato

Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. Helen Keller

As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence. Ben Franklin

To know and not to do, is really not to know. Steven Covey

Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. Helen Keller

I want to be the white man’s brother, not his brother-in-law. Martin Luther King, Jr.

Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads. Henry David Thoreau

Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter. Mark Twain

Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. Anne Frank

Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. John F. Kennedy

At 20 years of age the will reigns; at 30, the wit; and at 40, the judgment. Ben Franklin

Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted. Martin Luther King, Jr.

If you want to be happy, be. Leo Tolstoy

All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure. Mark Twain

The human mind is our fundamental resource. John F. Kennedy

I don’t feel old. I don’t feel anything till noon. That’s when it’s time for my nap. Bob Hope

Every man dies. Not every man really lives. William Wallace

Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others. Helen Keller

Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain

The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining. John F. Kennedy

Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light. Helen Keller

We lost because we told ourselves we lost. Tolstoy

How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. Anne Frank

I’ve always been in the right place and time. Of course, I steered myself there. Bob Hope

Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. Henry David Thoreau

Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction. Anne Frank

A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent. Martin L. King, Jr.

I’m an idealist without illusions. John F. Kennedy

By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. Benjamin Franklin

I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace. Helen Keller

How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are? Satchel Paige

He not busy being born is busy dying. Bob Dylan

It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision. Helen Keller

A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. Abraham Lincoln

Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. John F. Kennedy

Its not about the goal. It’s about growing to become the person that can accomplish that goal. -Tony Robbins

Certainty? In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes. Ben Franklin

In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you. Tolstoy

A man who won’t die for something is not fit to live. Martin L. King, Jr.

Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. John F. Kennedy

It is hard to interest those who have everything in those who have nothing. Helen Keller

The most beautiful and most profound emotion we can experience is the sensation of the mystical. Einstein

Education is learning what you didn’t even know you didn’t know. Daniel J. Boorstin

Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still. Henry David Thoreau

Worry is the interest paid by those who borrow trouble. George Washington

Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. John F. Kennedy

The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity. Tolstoy

Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. ML King, Jr.

It is your attitude more than your aptitude that determines your altitude.  John C. Maxwell

Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. Dean Acheson

Man is still the most extraordinary computer of all. John F. Kennedy

A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy? Albert Einstein

The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. Tolstoy

Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. Buddha

Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind. John F. Kennedy

It is better to be alone than in bad company. George Washington

Each of our acts makes a statement as to our purpose.  Leo Buscaglia

I gave in, and admitted that God was God. C.S. Lewis

Pessimism never won any battle. Dwight D. Eisenhower

Success always comes when preparation meets opportunity. Henry Hartman

A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle. Benjamin Franklin

Every human being is the author of his own health or disease. Buddha

An asylum for the sane would be empty in America. George Bernard Shaw

Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do. Ben Franklin

Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something. Henry David Thoreau

We are what we believe we are. C.S. Lewis

The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.  Gandhi

We don’t stop playing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop playing. GB Shaw

Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire, called conscience. George Washington

If you haven’t any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. Bob Hope

To forgive someone means to take away the power this person has over you. Unknown

Animals are my friends… and I don’t eat my friends. George Bernard Shaw

I love to go to Washington – if only to be near my money. Bob Hope

Plans are nothing; planning is everything. Dwight D. Eisenhower

My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth. George Washington

(In case you don’t know who said it first) Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes. Andy Warhol

A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.  Henry Ford

I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.  Fred Allen

Everything in the world we want to do or get done, we must do with and through people. Earl Nightingale

Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence Aristotle

Most people fail in life because they major in minor things. Tony Robbins

The twin killers of success are impatience and greed.   Jim Rohn
